Add vSphere RKE2 Class documentation (#287)
rancher/turtles-docs: docs/next/modules/en/pages/user/clusterclass.adoc

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: turtles-capi.cattle.io/v1alpha1
kind: CAPIProvider
metadata:
  name: aws
  namespace: capa-system
spec:
  type: infrastructure
  configSecret:

>     name: aws

Author: I know this is redundant, but I want to be explicit to the user what's the secret for. 
Otherwise they will not connect it to the `CAPIProvider` and may wonder what's going on.

  name: kubeadm
  type: controlPlane
----

vSphere::
+
To prepare the management Cluster, we are going to install the https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-vsphere/blob/main/docs/getting_started.md[Cluster API Provider vSphere]. +

> The global credentials are set to blanks, as we are going to use `VSphereClusterIdentity` instead.  

Reviewer: Non-blocking question: what was the motivation behind using `VSphereClusterIdentity` instead of the other 2 options: CAPV Manager bootstrap credentials & Credentials via a Secret?

Author: We are deprecating global variables, as they are in general a bad practice. 
Using `VSphereClusterIdentity` instead of plain `Secrets` has the additional feature of allowing identity management in a controlled way.  
This is also consistent with with CAPZ and AzureClusterIdentities.

+
[source,bash]
----

> kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rancher/turtles/refs/heads/main/examples/clusterclasses/azure/rke2/clusterclass-rke2-example.yaml

Reviewer: I am getting not found error here and in all other similar changes, is it a typo or something?

Reviewer: nvm, https://github.com/rancher/turtles/pull/1319 needs to be merged first I guess

          [VirtualCenter "<VSPHERE_SERVER>"]
          user = "<VSPHERE_USER>"
          password = "<VSPHERE_PASSWORD>"
          datacenters = "<VSPHERE_DATACENTED>"

          [Network]
          public-network = "<VSPHERE_NETWORK>"

          [Labels]
          zone = ""
          region = ""
  targets:
  - clusterSelector:
      matchLabels:
        csi: vsphere
        cluster.x-k8s.io/cluster-name: 'vsphere-rke2-quickstart'
---
kind: Bundle
apiVersion: fleet.cattle.io/v1alpha1
metadata:
  name: vsphere-cloud-credentials
spec:
  resources:
  - content: |-
      apiVersion: v1
      kind: Secret
      type: Opaque
      metadata:
        name: vsphere-cloud-secret
        namespace: kube-system
      stringData:
        <VSPHERE_SERVER>.password: "<VSPHERE_PASSWORD>"
        <VSPHERE_SERVER>.username: "<VSPHERE_USER>"
  targets:
  - clusterSelector:
      matchLabels:
        cloud-provider: vsphere
        cluster.x-k8s.io/cluster-name: 'vsphere-rke2-quickstart'

----
+
* Create the vSphere Cluster from the example ClusterClass +
+
Note that for this example we are using https://kube-vip.io/[kube-vip] as a Control Plane load balancer. +

> The `KUBE_VIP_INTERFACE` will be used to bind the `CONTROL_PLANE_IP` in ARP mode. Depending on your operating system and device configuration, you may want to update this value, for example: `eth0`. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `KUBE_VIP_INTERFACE` will be used to bind the `CONTROL_PLANE_IP` in ARP mode. Depending on your operating system and network device configuration, you may need to update this value - for example, to `eth0`. +
```

Author: Thank you, I slightly changed it. I forgot this is now required, it was previously defaulted to `eth0`, so the user definitely has to input this one.
